<!-- POST CONTENT TEMPLATE -->
<p class="post-title">
    <a href="https://danny.ayers.name/blog/2024-04-30.html">
        Journal : 2024-04-24
    </a>
</p>
<article class="post-content">
    <h1>Journal : 2024-04-24</h1>
<p>This week I&#39;m having a big push trying to get my <a href="https://github.com/danja/postcraft">Postcraft</a> site builder project to something resembling an <strong>MVP</strong>. Resembling, because it isn&#39;t intended to be a <em>Product</em>. It&#39;s hardly going to be <em>Minimum</em> either, I want it presentable enough that I can use it indefinitely as-is, the keyword is <em>Viable</em>. Within this, I want everything in place : tests, docs etc, such that I can pick it up again whenever and have a good chance of getting back into the flow.</p>
<p>But <a href="https://github.com/danja/postcraft">Postcraft</a> isn&#39;t/won&#39;t be much in itself. It&#39;s an application of a tool I call <a href="https://github.com/danja/transmissions">Transmissions</a> (formerly known as <em>Treadmill</em>).</p>
<p>This is a Node.js library intended to help me build some of the applications lurking in my TODO lists.</p>
<p>general-purpose pipeline runner. The pipeline is defined in a Turtle file, and its services are implemented as Node.js modules.</p>
<p>in itself isn&#39;t the main goal, it&#39;s a means to an end.</p>
<p>The end is to have a site that I can use to present my work, and to have a platform for further work. The site is a <em>Personal Knowledge Management System</em>, a place to collect, organise, and present my thoughts and work. It&#39;s a place to think, to write, to code, to experiment, to learn, to teach. It&#39;s a place to be me.</p>
<p>I probably should special-case files called <code>journal_YYYY-MM-DD.md</code> in <code>PostcraftPrep.js</code> to give a title as above.</p>

</article>
<em>2024-05-16</em>